Now, we need to see how to solve that.
Well, to do that,
what we need to do is to access a utility
function from the HTTP package that
will let us create a file server.
A file server will automatically serve to
the user all the files in the file system.
Be careful the folder you pick for that.
We don't want user to get access
to our whole file system.
So for that, we create that object,
it's http.FileServer, and
we need to specify the root.
And for that, we're going to just
talk to our http package and
we'll ask for a directory.
And the directory will be the public
folder that we have here, okay?
So that's a kind of a handle that
will automatically look into the file
system for every request to see
if the file is there or not.
So we don't need to handle this manually
like reading the URL, go into the file
system, see if it's there or not, because
it's a pretty common pattern, okay?
You do that directly from the framework.
In Node.js, you don't have this
automatic thing, for example.
You have it in Express.js, in a static
thing, but that's the framework, okay?
So then we are going
to add another handle.
And we're going to say that, for the root
folder, I will use fs as my handle.
But in this case,
it's not a function, it's a type.
So instead of using HandleFunc,
we're going to use just Handle.
So there are two ways to handle routes.
Here, with sub nukes that we have in Go,
we can parse 100 as a function or
we can parse a Type that should conform
to an interface, remember interfaces?
That means that that Type should have
a method that at the end is a function.
So, okay, and in this case,
we're using that version.
By the way, can we call more than
one time handler, HandlerFunc?
Yes, as many as you want.
And actually,
the system will look to the pattern and
we'll pick the first one that matches
like most of the routing systems.
So now, I run my app again.
I go back to Chrome,
well, let's open it here.
3333, close the other tabs as well.
And if I try Hello,
I'm still seeing my handle function.
And if I go to the route,
I'm getting the Front Team Museum
website with the mushy,
HTML, CSS, and everything.
So pretty simple, right?
You just pick the folder and that's all.
Do you have any question?
Is this server-side rendering?
No, this is statically serving a folder.
But we can do one more step.
If you look at this website,
how the website is built,
when you look at the HTML, it has a main
section and then a couple of articles.
So each thing you see on the screen,
it's an article, okay?
So it's an exhibition in this fake museum.
So it's an article, and when you open
the article, it's just a couple of HTML.
H2, a paragraph, and an image,
nothing fancy, okay?
Is that in the HTML?
So if you look at the page
source in the HTML,
you only have one article in the HTML.
The rest of the articles
are actually coming from JavaScript.
So it's a client-side render solution.
JavaScript is downloading a JSON, and
it's parsing the JSON and
is injecting HTML on the fly.
But that's not so performant,
because we need the user has to wait for
JavaScript to load to then go and
grab a JSON.
And then when we have the JSON, it needs
to generate that HTML dynamically.
So that's bad for performance.
And if you're interested in why that's bad
for performance, you can check the other
course that I have here at Frontend
Masters, Advanced Web Performance.
But now, we are setting that
this is bad for performance, so
we can do server-side rendering.
That is, maybe we can actually
inject in the HTML all the articles
directly from an aesthetic
collection that you have somewhere.
It can be a database, a JSON, whatever.
Makes sense?
So I want to create all
these articles server-side,
so the browser will receive just HTML.
We can even get rid of JavaScript at all.
So we can get rid of the script.js and
see the same thing on the screen.